User stories:

1 Managing a Wedding function

As a father,I want my first daughter`s wedding to be performed on a large scale. I have always maintained a seperate savings account. So I wish to get the arrangements done in that budget specifically and have a proper account of everything. At the end I don't want to retrace where the money has been spent. The expenses for various departments of the event must be kept clearly.

2 Managing a fashion show

As one of the upcoming fashion designers from paris , i want to organize my first fashion event in india as part of my marketing scheme.I am new to this country , hence i would like to get some help from a set of people who can organize this event. I want to have regular notification system to keep me updated of everything sittng in my country. I would also require diffrent teams to handle diffrent tasks associated media interactions, decoration etc. There should be a way to chat and discuss and approve of all ideas with each member of all groups .So that I can amply advertise my truly marketable merchandise which will eventually be sold at clothing stores for public consumption.


3 Managing a health event at school

As the sports director of our school I would like a set of people to assist me in order to coordinate a health event at my school involving different races , quizzes and free check-ups camp , as we are dealing with a large number of students here it would be nice to have a lot of co-ordinated volunteers.I am basically doing this so that i can promote  personal safety ,physical activities and healthy eating amongst my students.


4 Managing a college fest

As The cultural secretary of my college I would really appreciate it if I can get help from a set of people in order to systemize a fest for our students.There is a need for formation of various teams to handle different events taking place. Since I am the chief event organiser for the event I would like to have conducted a lot of events. But it would be tough to keep track of various teams and assign them tasks manually.

5 Managing a Concert in bangalore

As the Concert promoter of our band , i would like to arrange a concert in Bangalore around next month, 
Since I would require a huge systematic division of many people involved in  areas like Financial and Venue Decisions, Insurance detailing , Media handling,Creation of sponsorship materials , getting buisnesssponsors, Creation communication portal for the concert, so that our bands can reach out to people and increase the fan base, and also to promote the next album release.
